---
layout: default
categories: posts
title: Blog 2
---


Apple Reveals New Watches, Muscular Tablet at Online Event

Apple pulled the wraps off two new Apple Watches, two iPads and several services bundles at an event Tuesday held online.
The new watches include the Series 6, which boasts performance improvements over the previous generation of the product and will sell for US$399, and the SE, an economy watch model, which will sell for $279. Apple will also continue to offer its Series 3 watches for $199.
Apple also refreshed its basic iPad and the iPad Air, which is now based on the new A14 processor, a five-nanometer fabricated powerhouse. 

In addition, the company revealed Apple One. It offers bundles of Apple services, ranging from $14.95 to $29.95.

"Thanks to the launch of two new Apple Watches, Apple will broaden the reach of its wearable products and will stay way ahead of Samsung and other competitors," said Thomas Husson, vice president and principal analyst at Forrester Research.

"With this launch, Apple demonstrated once again that it excels at creating experiences that are relevant in the daily lives of its customers," he told TechNewsWorld.

"The Apple Watch is also a great catalyst to pivot its strategy to services while continuing to innovate with a new product category that did not exist several years ago," he added.

Focus on Fitness and Health

The Series 6 watches emphasize fitness and health applications. With Fitness+, Apple combines watch metrics with fitness videos; and with a new health sensor, the watch can measure blood oxygen levels from a user's wrist.

"The timing of introducing fitness and health focused products is great, given the pandemic," Bob O'Donnell, founder and chief analyst at Technalysis Research, told TechNewsWorld.

"Apple is putting a very big emphasis on health and fitness," added Tim Bajarin, president of Creative Strategies, a technology advisory firm in Campbell, Calif. "That's the number one reason people buy these watches in the first place," he told TechNewsWorld.

"Adding things like the blood oxygen oximeter, a faster processor and tying it to Fitness+ makes it, by far, the best fitness monitor, as well as watch, in the market," he added.

That market will be growing over the next 10 years, as more Apple users find combining a watch with another Apple device irresistible.

In a report posted online last week by Loup Ventures analyst Gene Munster, he predicted watch ownership by Apple users will grow from nine percent now to 50 percent in 10 years, which will result in revenues of $50 million a year, compared to $31 million in this calendar year.
Watch Out Peloton!

Kevin Krewell, a principal analyst with Tirias Research, maintained Apple is taking its smart watch to the next level in fitness and health with the Series 6 line.

"There's just so much you can do with time-keeping and new watch faces," he told TechNewsWorld.

He noted that with Fitness+, Apple is emulating the success model of fitness-equipment maker Peloton.

"Fitness+ let's you work out with instructors that you can watch on your iPhone, iPad or Apple TV who encourage you," he explained. "It integrates the watch with the exercise program. It's why people are hooked on Peloton and these other interactive fitness programs." 


source: https://www.technewsworld.com/story/Apple-Reveals-New-Watches-Muscular-Tablet-at-Online-Event-86849.html 
